wmenaturanucfivsualifisswfomgffij, *-

4¹13 ῑῑηῑᾶἴῡῆῆῑθῖΰῑθωῑοτίΰτ ree sarozacetovirr? bumettfftt cti, ·
massmfrtssoussnsssfztnocmcffl rutaafitmfiducatc sunt5v'en25
”etlsslssss'folufffissoevss‘'bii-casm. ztsfin'tcctbowsnnt tripliciterzfidi ·
·1‘cccccuxstmtnssutecaltdazcut? cqu'unttpipducetiewvit'iness'
tiricaaestxfioaf calefactam dafemotctfzxaltesunt medffoffeg ,
metzzlpa'bfflbwebssffstomaclgsz pqusunmumt'dcvarflvuemo
cumurt'aoetozzcaltdaestitcrtzo* {warahamum-cim 33333
αίϊεωῑῦηεᾱρίο,ΐώῑπεθῆςεέξςε, ῑιεῐςςῡειῐεᾱῖβεο ab eod& 016ng
cst'minozcaliditatem-[1⁹2‘campa tpeztatocozppsumiissumiditae:
esthmditassssrossafioelcftlstanq etsoevncynofitassvfia danum. ,
ειᾳωῐᾼῗῆειζτΐοιὶαιειὶ affictum ducatqcttq112.12un2025t0†„2r2„„5 .,
sscsttssffi mnata stomacpo {511th εΙροῑετιςῦ qb⁹1taq3 mummi-bug
tazre'thstmetiozsto'acbovm ‹21stanvnctuofimaemmm
1102oenocnnfflixoeillud‘qstfrfigt'}magmtsnantefitew{mmm
anuowcozmtfflsumvz‘nut ηας tustgsssmfiolcaa cibtnatnfci 3„ss ,
ιιιιῑτιϊῆ’([ιιηεῑῑερῖεντῆοῆεἱρο fn ssttteftgnt.151}etercverojmtcez 102⁵
sszdozoz'coafit,q2n1³t116e=11·;5uc7 poubvnocetzqznifftcultssermgeffi
¹¹²5ssmstst⁰m³1⁶ll⁰⁶³lffl9flfflf³1tssthstomfubonocetfflyolmdff ,
ct'tbot'QuzAEt qstcomedtffcst mu affnnssant ¹2⁸¹¹¹⁰21b⁹2caudeq313 ,
risolut't.'2])ult⁹(o'ovsnssssetveduz mnan} ,mma-premas oetam-5211!
citiam&paruosswstartdeflwst..(oemimanellanisssuntttutribir.
cneiofipfctfltozbo'fzcflficuwet lesspptersuogz (0sz raritate
ruta'com'esta'cstmedicinaoibwc ‘esnevnctuolsttatiss2231scostWffOE4 Α
neni'ss oeeteact't tepescrale'fltemf cqvifizyr}viliissstomaebrsmffit
vlast‘rstfunn102sumcam'erabtosi. cptmrtezm'sttfi stGflCDss-lnms‘zta
‘aereliquwfssffrbatiabjmatbeo· tepgratstmuttfflfimbfflffissffii
r1'4c.;tae.3>izitqrcaudaestsz humi tang qum 6310&ss 33( mu W ,
dams'cfio gradu‘zrecentmcaloz. revalet.3dcu·co tali fifivstomaass.
estmodicu'ffinumidsstazauti mul cbynutrimffti bontbonecss ,01'3135¹
tafitpostaliqua subdttssstpafit, fflpfsstcalozff'aflthfitififisswnctio:
nucia ctb⁹pa1uc⁹zqugafitfvct⁹eflst ηςιιιείροὶεγιαῖιας numunianum
saciacomefflomm copem: reem⁴ reracfumfoecapfflcss volox& saciat· ’
asstventrssmollitmatiesscstm'q ‘cgnocttlmerriginffzs3mh 'cie' “
ricomedafenistq):apiriam-low ogaufgratnotumfftfizmfidaaemn ,
facitssnimifi comedafest'ttmet ⁸p aqcalzdaponan?mmmm
uocatzzincbolerfimutaf, τιιὶγεὲε ις’ Dufflfdfssssflssabss'tistbinmtusst}
massissafitfiffvetffrefcza[testficua ¹fieugq3viumwwmedfflmmss
bnetomeaaf pdest wenenqspza valeizgzswt'zaszficubwumc cibum j
venenoxwemficbcludwoeau *cdssnfpsff yenenosmn cozpvrncsssss
te5at1ucib⁹ sanguis geuemjfflma, fenqfit24341353220‘3 333333
luas&quosumpsiffevfsssa'ac m„ -ina‘nfflhnffoaefflgfflmmm
p.v.cs1indt=.ss1tccss viridczsunt calssdesuntto isssstvcfiaess'faassflt
minuo sicceaalidcn'zz'oebabetaua· acalcssuiflg aq cavitie'generan·
αἱῑῐῖϊῑὶῖἷῑ ὴίῑῐῖῑὶἂΐΐῧίίῦῇᾩβΐῦΐ maa, boloze..sst 111,stsp fflwwbwsu 3 Ἴ
τἀπιἐκέ-ιἰῐιρῇεεΐῶιιινηιρετῖι(ωτι, 1129„ssssth aueuwmgncmffimt

sttffifflsss stamacbpsnocnfumfi stomntbffimenfattsszvbnmozcem&
aauzmmsstomcldaaz'ct'mbscma lwss²ffi⁰¹²s[²2‘'⁶²3³0-«ssffizizxtssketu1e.·

 

