emmeanatistanscrmcameffiss 50:111stss ›
‘531,.-<zaronnatiss{tammum (amioumbaidiratezffirfflidt'ot ¹
adeso comedi et {psam cakcfccit· cstzwugct tat‘uff·t1'11,tgifsst1,ar‘3fl ἀ
mcgaeocdicxcacalcfacro‘zcalcfe pziuccpffvz'dcfaccepa'uecsxaatm
&tifimzwutou'tate ffibffnzcs11ai 1¹1.mn0.c.121v1*oe2r0dgifiat1artsse
subissvzfflaroanntisslssmultam mumminutrimffrimfit‘n eristum
lpsstdzltatcmg‘zcst gra1lg⁹ffisscsttssiss honerareuurrtxtchngaummpezszz
s& clarificat‘c'olozss mc& ct-z'mvm nnltnmsstrcss cm estc ftmncflzef
guarmngmssfflfacitimammet epataifiwsuntbfiasumina}
⁴2211fertvsstoftrzztea*c m mom& bo whom bstozissst §rer hotmen
vnssmosggrauifflf stomachosa fot mierarff lpfztpu'ufidi finti· cr. vet
tincarz02p⁹zc.fitcc} §dicrouestz bilsmtcevatzatccide‘tffzvtjndrira
mirumneanatsmissafbindimss: [minhgijifijuozwpnozt‘smofflffu
jffitoisssassciuvhbummj. fit qzm'xt'ffinicstssnfoconstessatexq)
''inparrictstaribvcttficn ainbnmiz caro amatio ειὲψεῑμῑιςέὲιέ bfu'dia
<120aeceterioanscrzanasszflssutio. taeewvinmminwoccnrwiouia
ρςρςῳηε 1'1'11ncasulanutritifize1 nezzfimvcrumaffartoetfifflecfi
rinttt'dcircosnntssroffi (mrim dirtvrsaevavcben1ffoltznfflirassetstlc
vigeriam mammon pascua cquvtsupzaetifincmsscoquendi
nnttulacubvzsst'xbssocifi. αδ tea pmgnmcarnessvt‘ccbemWffle
staffviodozfflramtafi&bombi carnefitzsnsemibssffcpm’ism
maesapozzfirpptercwm'sszan babantianissherarminatsmffiit
‘scrzstrutioszsttmssziastomflmot’fit ludvniamcaufiiembz‘tssaeia ,
nociuwmufitcffi τ putrefaciat mammornnssnazzantmna
capa-Mnebaldiratisssugfflufm semmituonestssroffmmrm
t&suimlabilimtfizssconalcoifsi ca esttardcwifft'ciltzbisscffifiw
mrimsateimailessnficffirad apptcrbsziditaffeaz''superfluffa
vigerffdimffigimacozrnptisscp sntttfebziezeneratuwmmffibi
faulabou'ffmotufqmimt'cmte:p cuutctmodmwexp Mamm
ptcrboc'crssoanniculum& hamesinmsneozrcsmnicea.
dfflstiwrcralamcoufizraelt'qum zummnseffwmemnrfme
woparnszcarp ipstuss anatiecst suntbffldt‘tativ{calozissftew
grofftnufrimctizlffi mulnet mli mammen}nmlumxsecstmuuarfi
cbffznivtvixitQumtnsflmocdss. superfluitatumcitosebzeessonca
ανῑᾲώῑῑὶοεεῐξένοίῑῑὶτῖἒῑεηξῑῑοπ rnnsszfftqt1eczrun1imeneorum
inli.iii.c.ix.nicess.75nat<camptu carnem bssbcntlsmdabilt'oztm513
τωιῑῆῖέείῑῇιρῆιιέτικῐωιαυἱθΐειεεζῐ parne.fttdeoiu12c=1ezer emeli>
fastidirezcmaiotaeesttau'de'tatiss ganturmffcutmwvoiost'flsoa
ffchzfibtnfitfipzffmmt [fuam lummodoalassunm-duccmmm.
galim-atemidqi}i.xycz'iss.prinessa &ahialimcetzdpimia‘ccazbctbi
tiaaccccccciiasfcamauit. Caro miacjispfflprmmsummnium
επῆῑζτῆτιιτίὸέᾳῐμρςὺῇᾶέτζΰῑιῃς εΐεῑιιῖιτῇ ale:fedc>.¹assemrtoeassa
fluitat&tstzwifficsstssvigcffiffiss: seriss*ouresunre'tindiffiestaebilcssz
aletfiipfazvffi mmvsuntbone& ΐυ-ρετθιιέεειυῐ,μικταὶ viritidcz
alentz‘arftama mruwffditinfm 'inlimcsubfflffitetziefflstcmt'ii· 2312
vizitautou'ratcwammamana uccidz'ezetssnserfbvetmagfssfirm
1tiz&meliozaliacarneauisuwoa χ tionibvssembnnmzbuss sm'u'lib‘f
ficasubditfflzroanatiwnmass abstineteopoztetnummismata

 

