,,

fflffmwfflmwmmfflg

bzt'einquitMinassvissefflomcitffl tural& aussmsstatqffi pstm5124t5„
pcharafoiffl atusscibmmedt uernffssestemtpptereaffflpfi}
“²²¹³‘W01‘st12f0229st⁹¹ss³c¹2⁰&aavauttcutarwvooenssffimlff ,
116mozatadmgeressuzmssiepa asssmstaucrsztvtnattrtacemagne
refotam&scnfl'nscyrssalssmsecst qzmuencrsstifiwuaffi msam
doapnousmoxpcometovccmtoa rerfieeiuuatmsttcalefacttcffiffl
οιωιιοοιιᾶείηῆῃς.ᾱ)ῖιηνςῑοείι §ida‘zifrigidatcalidanumeqat
teroesubitonutrienumestvmssa stccmeptenuatnumidazctvmmff
intertt'oubzooe aumentmcapn calefactiooe oessccatioffnaturalt
tuloafipemulttngostcptt.zq>exnu ter:humectam>asstztfrimdmfo
trifftib⁹s1¹tvimjmeqpf1tgnf{sinu accidetautcrzqzcst sut subtilitate
mie oeaumetsteeoiceaaezmce oepfozationcpotrataqufiadm&
aaeffe‹caumetozpvtntzzttertto bzadneceffeestrefrtgerarioebm
ltbzooetssplexiongb⁹tapttutose: wectarizcnpabettitcreavma115
εῖιᾶουῑμῑῂεεᾶᾰετεεοῐιίϋι)ιδ ΐοιίιῐριιιηοιεεῑᾶρετῆνειῐςὲειηῆ,
munizeffivtnoafitppzifienffltoe 10ssexpeuerezrzbonosspsequffter
tozpozepermutarivelocitcrgque purificaresnnivtoittffluic& ‚m-
admodstppum estpmssutl ῑμςηο ιιὶ.ρῑηῐ.υο.ῆ.ε.νίὶἱ.ἰ1ιηίι cholera
tede piniacotofcstupgwtctvelq abundsstibwubeapfertzppterea
εἰπεῖν)ι’ςιιετεῐοῑαινιιηωλεηιιε φ(ηοῐετᾶτηϋειὶνιίηᾶφιιοιᾷαο
&infit-(lium {callida potffna expetlitzoe numidia {tcfif'ertzpzoe
nistqzinsanssumeato pmutafoe ptereaqzhsu'ditatcss‘nwturatzet
facuafitgpitant.s.q>vinapluri qusstomasszeffodozfueritbonuz
manutriatzfiditnobtssstssnwri erttmequuatomassiesapoziss
nutelesinamwpblemampble meliozisszeritmassiepfeffwue
ᾗ πιᾱτεξτῑουίᾶῆηιῐεὶνίηίυῑΐτεᾳιιέ ῐιιίεςαῑῶιῐαίηριιιορε regimme
nezfoztessftatattertioeozfidem sanitatwotcetie.utnf1iuuenib⁹
particula pblemafe pu'mo nint. ddiaptaiadeuacuationffcbooe
wnavmereossfacitzwecte vici& ticam supfiuttatfi ac.1·1quostm12
zacebfioeveneristn1u1e52q6pfeutersumpsttffluerrom.coum x
<to ηὸεὲιῆ ρῑιιηηιῆαυίηο ηας veregimmecozpoztss tiperatt'm'
πῐηιῖείι 126 rectperenv ‚babem‘’ &auiumcer11is3'aouab9rcststm
crgotnter ceteraenficpqtisstntgi cholerisszoeeaea come εκρεῑιῇῑς
αηοϋίῡηειείῑατῐέίρῐιᾩυιιιίντίὶῑι ηιεὶᾶεὴυὶίεῂο a tota [ρεεῑετεῆὲἸ
ssfflwwmwfflwmmwmwmm
ressztssnateffinostritozpozisbu: εὰιιιῡῑετηῑέὺωὴιιηιεαέῒυ db⁹
mozezequffiadmodavolmt§ahin ¹st‘ccitass superuenit‘cc.fitqu.1bltss
vii-ssvbotismw(fimenfflvlloi. crgopeluderepossunwvmibonss
uinumtfiperatatotss cozp⁹ caleo tate&¹ ziuuame'taqoi.ca 3saacm
facitmffbzapfqzssffxhumozoetffa parttt1}larib⁹oiette stt [nubente.
peramztalozenaturalffextitssss. vateterssotuumnenraviniaiam
zispiffiaeeressiminesanitatssc·1¹. zcozp⁹vnac6paebidere92cfiira
minumasun‘offiilludnigerit se ssfznecesseestvtsttcfincniffssoib?
. micrndossQfiozeszsudozezavu etat1b⁹ztepozib⁹oeregiorum:0113
·· {zae'tpuocat‘domnocssferminlit sumvtstfiteritsc63vinizcfisuetu
‘42'mennatemmozbomijfinquit d1ne,b1'be⁷tiss zcAEtpostalffisub
βὲνῑῦζῖῑ ἷῦῠηῗῑξνεῐωτε culmina ·iun11t;1521amest emo vinu5effe Α

 

