Ἢ

fflffienatnmpinmmm.w ⁵

munimina <cuam accepta cum lasctzpicolaive vola samem·
vn1med1tm3ni>accsp1unfzs3fim cthmompqdnossinuetwm
ssuQcapperatazzstvsqffadsaturte mimamnrozbartlpolotncon16. ’
tatesumfif§tmucstponticass'ntx ttareltdssmodcrnisssnissinopoe
quwppuctassstmuttnveetss'ac ribuecbmendantadsanita'temuj
npuafmemnae:cholerica §fiant appzobqntur. Ι a
92111623ourfiztncurabtlezmapie ffOEav·ccvi.onend1tnatnran2‘
ncrebzoassucscattsmmedian& = pinearumseu &ranozum etun
tcmmamcuffiatutm csseduut'. vcckwndo vtssitatee et 9202
§pturffiezfi sslubtuma sunttet pzietatcsscozum. 1
stoactyixocbuitzitppsumonstssa ,- 3ηεεινιυικίὲπηεγ.ίη
tm951f16c5tzptffptmefvtutztrerio ¹ >¹¹33 v.c01.931idesunt emt ¹
rumoebzlatat5.ffi1ptica &oqzct ⁴ ἵζε ῑῡῖΐέῖῒῑῠῦταάυᾶιῑιιίε.
οφιοῐειωςτεει[ιὼῆέτίαρροηῑα Ῑ, '24:312 {bo i,u„caf1.c.cctvt'u‚nc ·
suntysubrsstozaet maneta sunt Q* ιιιᾴῑιρῑῇηῑῑὸᾨὶΰίῐῐιίψ
masstsoenutriuntzffiffistfiacbomi cstfifflco tempe 1211ss nunutt'tfrfi: ,
nussnocetznefflnuwtngcntartnea ffibsserubefiscmdtfameduuaal
tesseiticurpfiticstaerpostmt'tav( bavuctnosasuapiz necsnntssru' ¹
nt.p1'ravu1ciatpatefstt meno namassnaptqstatssranfifftflfiss‘u
ntezqzm1n⁹ceterze runtfrigfida: ῑῆεῖινιυιινὶοιιεωιιῑιειοτεαιῐίοιΥ
quaptopter calefaciamus& oi ιιιεάιιῑῑειιιὸεἰηεὶι9 ῆάπιεόιιίὴὲ·
geftmtmaletffium 1³6³th &adtibssz tnassnfiffsicuthuate
funtfrtgidtzstcci.3nsapozaaute adcaLidttatfnccunfiezzaugmen*

, pirapeffimasuntzzabnozrenfa taflzi'u'dttaetpwimfiossma'mra
namraadcircolaboziosm 2qu tioetlenistcatioaresolnriozmoz
msuntstfiaclzozcsstista fuit& atcatto‘etppzieinrpcffnzscdciue
{mastat.1'umuufi.c.pp.o1'.1sss mozatcattovelctntnmndaturm
rqtimftumstmtoutctanss ifn'ssiz, aquamtacpptefewapptananm
dattoiat'hvfitrff strtuzssunt.51‘25t glutinattozeteffsubstatmest tera
postdbfixb'edansssterfflcttoetpel reaaqacamqnqejvamnaemaz
luntzpost-·cut⁹erpum6e3comme tisszctssranumpmt magnit chr't
emitristrigerezet{namu-[uon mollificatffiiwebssitaticommeo· ²
apbo.s1t6i3scrtpsttsmra appete> 1ncstfiaetetst'ctatooiditatztozm
tum nbvememoufftzitcfflm'ssne vta&cntueazprersttambomqmc
cetzetmtieffissa'onizztenasmon tatibwulmffiez maneam
efficisgtffifil'rotxtttde'idffixptu. ιιζῑῐευῐεεῆᾳδὶσῑςηὶἒεαθζιὲᾳῄῑιω ’
ιδιιηῡηειωπιίωαῐοιίτεῑεῶῐαι etuemozdtcatstoacnfimtflmmm
sco.5221.ssuff1:sstmma.zreliquos aa?unaquacaudazcssedantlcrzo ·
ru3s2'p1'fitu33nstmeisdem. ibmcalefacttcumtabassemfium
ficd3oeeissindt.c6efflo fugabis succaroatbtssimozset mmmm
dfizpiro'n5.5atcr201·icfi:vf1vtioe cummeucaettstcmgcrttezfitbo
beepostcsseffifimpomquamcl numitstfiatbmetanssnsstumfaz
uecoctiettapatzuaqsateta'ssffep cstutcoztuptunmaqncqedatms
1213 q> sotumoulciavta abi qfiq3 maneret meiteetpemdtw tet
pnrpaemrezcrypterea muscarel staturatiexeolpazpseqnsttnoloze ,
lainterceteraq noe himnorum ventrizmmffltumtpmvepcmi
meuozaetpostipsaiaccoxavianto cerabstersttqutdttatcerenfflvig

 

