W· ¹ ’ “ ’ ΙΙ ¹
γ . mmmmm somn·

’ ςηιεγτίορτοῡῑε. pblemate pzi'o wiu'nc in.xvi.tert[1trat.stj.coe6‚
vicitwmumvenereoefacimre stcindtffiamess‘cviziliercfolusst
‘mmmmm vcn⁹ admuice' fupfluitatee.szk⁷retcafoztilabo
sfitssperbaeiimlidassvt eruca: remu& supfluxtateezstqua ent
mamm&ounittereop3:s³cut §statazrefolnetzvt supza patum
ε’[ιεπιιιεεεερειωαὶρετεεῆτοῐῖι Όειιοιιιηιὲεζῖιηοάετειῐιεϋοιςεῑί
vtmpzmum'uxtasniQmedicozss cutocioatptt'nuaredeopposstst
mutat}oicfftgvbtsupzammiz pfiungittsscussmsopocta ansula
anttb1c3bulb⁹tibim1ssueab02{ rtssmsuopumoveremedwtecta
finvemfitmessarisnowoieeritz nitirgovbivtsuwtssnfameai
ficemur>crucassaptszssvitaresa cabilzartedfacmowsgfusst'wociu
tacewtq‘cdd veneri cozpa nia pz‘ta me}.720cvtamess factntbecii
pamafflssctic'tnobisstnnmtssui. ἱαενεῑιιεηξλμεεῑιιπίιὀειιηᾱίιί
Μ,ῃχῃνί.ῖεη.,πῑ.υέιὲε.ἰκ adiu etbufoemak.‹Dciast rellan mere
ffittbwdcoitasuntficfiffi suma cupidtngarc⁹.¹:6t6ptecssiacemsf
turexctbtmlidaeacutae autin uelutefaccwnfi plathriuo
flatiutsstfitutsamciccrwuawi gaudctzffippl‘evndafitffflimo
'telvouoetz'uafiagssrcgfitvtrtisss sa5anapaluffrisshunwmfivew
γωιῆειιῑεηῑωανῐηηπιηοηῡ m oczaamatacffiintigttm ρῐίηιιο
qnoestmopzoeraessssandi svers exoratio «foztidpluea'vencre
πωπω 12³ae ergo abstincs'ztaet ntolestaripsucnersst.fiecn6 moz
antiquis Quiufmodt qut fuam tia future recozdcnfzmfflmi mse
sanitatemtssesamvetucrintaltts τωρίῃιεςέηᾶῑὲῆρωείέεεῆόμοι
ssmoconscrnara puox‘vtbz'emcreltdbeatt3fac1e2
mapituffupsscxfinostssdit qne ²³5³*ssstss cffircmedn'jzizuuapzoz
facereopoztcatcossqutavene sustetatioautffirariffimapcipie
retenotuntmoxestart. turzszcutplacmtinnumera,

, ,- , utsufivoluerx‘tscrua υεωῑιιτῇὒίωηείιῶυτεῆρῗεη est

s ’ ,recaffitatemz‘aterea illfiqfifrsigitoestderia.e02zepm

Ἴ {jin {cedentixfoicta stitiafamewigssijswrcereoep

· Asuntahccfiinnoc ms ‹cussffiezbecdde securim via etia

¹ ccm⁹obscrmrcrvtsc 'stit‘cadsanimffmassfflaeiffmd
2r1⁹s11s212udabilevorfi psequaf. exsiccatiwesoluettasfim pum&
&uozflmimstistfi existitzvtpvos emnsssstiambetafflmoerwt sea
,senua-aimo spermfffttca‘supen miqgniaestizrutezcz‘mz‘mn {pubi
‘fluitassssfietcstabstinentiacibioe cahdometsx'ccfittfiszmziadri:⁴
,potvzqffispermacstfuperflm'tass cqvbozerzmufltfrissidaftffimlo
vigcsttoanuartczfifitcfivz'fvar reinat&pselssfifizfitereafioe-pess
-tifctwtnmffbu'qresudfidoavez dibvugudimvenosztffiesnper
¹ru'sstertt=roigesttoc{suffcpletarc6 ressfnsstdazacvummtnnquffi

. svesammabaiditattssptfme-toa terem periculosissadffamffatff:
gulatfiietqmrriuntmfmavuo {moadvitfftffiafflniekofiffimzzm'r
vazwtpzttwevolnit inmutet, ‘c&bearmmpulcbzrm'facicagvf

Ἴ mastaissffsuuflmrasetstccabff afolffttaffiver‘emfffffiffimazz
aasumef εὐ {qanto zfamevebea‘ vticss-aboifffastevimt? volitis
‚metidve'bilt'tffttozffltvt finiani. ‘bpqmaeffanancdfimssfl nihih‘n
¹invecinwtertwtem} travam. puttawtbazsszssewffim ·{1itertvt

’ω ‘izi

 

