⁵ wmee1ecnonensrcium.w 10·Fsffl·ff

meet&lncijcarpifiesszbuiusmo nntrififitffgillaudabilcss existat*
dtfitarneeouraenfit ‘cfrz'zszbtz neqsuntantadtcxsstitatesuema
1e02ct inparress{accleoiutstbilev ttcz.mel1ozemwoei oib⁹ert1td
suntitremcruo(fimmdfidtffltn mediocressfucrttibmfifimassnt
<nemressmes'zssnssletzbuiusmo tudicauitate(ramatumsixt.
dmezluat‘f}anvffltsssssswsw· ι ssffiapitulgssaenpnss.officim}
mumtatequoqffputfficfistderaa vtstessellssssdtstflt ⁶191?qussss
reop5zqmn6ctt1razvtqutdeovi ‘Wuffi'lquel'ssmss‘ps02um‘
nsstursmempcarofinualtszei nattaudabtliozw· , ’
ocbcsstzpiscmfvocdcdffduaanno , ρῖωᾶΰῑθῖβὶῖίίψῖῡίσνέῑῑ =
mneceamowvtsssaacendan-1¹1²· ἴ 'vet09d1¹¹⁰¹21b⁹³d-b0‘
msupt'ueallegatoqzisccssme ί. a.- ›nttatefleomeqmsmssevt
dxocaeetuztcrparuosetmassnoss ·, ’“ „³9¹²³⁶⁰¹²3s⁰³‘5³¹⁶5’·⁰·‘·
ssunasstsstauaabucaefiwarut<i ltxfflthttfflutssmfft‘flvtscist ἴφια
motsozruptionffimutanf‘cfssma maehum[xtelffezlaudabume ·
finidssrosstsatzvtscostmassim squanmsnonstttbvzfupnuae'ffi
vostmuca*subdtt.1³1scessparuijad,{qugmasexv'cssstnamrasssut ’
meliozisssattarmzad οῐςετὲᾀῐι talu&evtdcreaialib'indbss’pssl
raemoaeezssa'roicozruptionenm mmm‘93¹¹Ussetvellstfad ¹
taatmatozewocarncemtssros exterma-‘311'ltaetvarticularifi-ssc ¹·
stozesszzadvimdswifficiliozess inv-blm&sequa-mssssjbfitesssffl
machonocsstesszssnfifttocozrua meltozeetsqumns}-effissssnifikasst
ptibilcfltbw aiut medu' sunt lau bumosssgvssmitssf‘ ftssqlwflfssfissss
didizqzvabextremitatevtmmssbi tndtssenazqznatura fupflmjtat‘e'zj
sumatqfimaffissfflaudfidsussrp hamonalbiteriozibffade'ttcrtoz
ptercanucrjmxosshoimplio: raeppcllltad nutriendas [qum
fegpffmsumquomozpvg mc mqsszstcutgtalmnatumtertiana
distintcrmagnfupamfizz q sunt mee-vmgmoncexteriozaewmaazie
velociemot⁹oepaucevtstotitatw madatqcfiqssunt effluentium
ecc,sstpostear611e3atsxgnautt (υς nutrimetfilaue pilozumoe‘cfi'ms =
ntpitmvnoalteroaeaewdnasta hum.(1fipisce9squan1asl2f1tefl
turiatffmassnimdocotpissstgma vqrjamssroffassmeliozeesfitba .
ficatmulteihumiditatsszpptcrca¹bettmeossce‘csubtilesszsquama
mndatnwtscz'bwwstssss<50¹¹st rum effissroffinn'ess nuffar} innuit
mutericrassittea pingueglmepi bfzomaecfitraraoafitlaer'neo'copffi ·
scezeffvfit mediotrcss‘cnocraffi bntbumozpzphottcstafngros
mmamam&teste3saa<vbi,fi. [tram squamata piscis! mannen
sscsctzbete,pisccsmediocremn mamzestsquamissptfcz‘fifluminst-
tramae mclaeozczssu mandabi: squamatremoozssmatozestsaess ’
liozesszqfficammtfltrafstfuermt mievcntrifitvozstsscffisz'cciuef2‚est
advisctffdss suntvuri stomacht't vcl1tre·ffl5011{sssnsf²fl¹12r·ffldu ’ ’
εηιοῑῑίῦεςτοπυς pmessmassfian tapoiltssermcmffiqnamemulte.
'tcezvistofum.ffit>bon1.amstnt: lau'danmrtpzscsbffzqzvszgnffl'cfitff ·
adviserffdfifiwurietiststtoefnb γᾶεὸτεῆτιζᾲςοῃςόρῑοῑίοηῶΰεέίὲ · -'
dit;oes1piscessoua ἱππεῖ-φῶτε multesymesinctsslaudnnf aina,

ft{crassitutzissaudabstcssfuntp} frdsnbdttweliozewtis'oess“fotid ¹

·mrt1tadinesueptussucd1mm oesssstuociwctrosxoetaedmnan j ·

 

