*ww—affl

‘⁸ fflmesapozibnssffiffl

·1t‘tfm⁴12fiozessoulccdissviscost θετηθῆῆεοιιῑεοᾶίηίεεόρῖέπίόςῐ

Μ

sqnpsroffiztestamefmvicmtsub ffitatpl'tusstffperieeqfiocsscss 1211
statmunstidttaticozpmmunias manocozpisthss.ss3vtdeam⁹n16

amutat1u1.fitpostaut1 submm- &tafacnatadnutriffdaxot mu&
mssfitrdmzopoulcedomedio 21⁹ iuuantitssnotistcemss cst ως
trttatssttfipamcntssstsstinterm leatmtfficpmnsspfir huntam& η
lo3ictl2fi1111tatc30uf1&antiqui cozp⁹nutrmenifi'aufioulccdme
aq tepide 1523 affimzlauerexfi (ὅ ριίείρειιεηῑινεῐέίῑτίῑνιήῑὼοῑῐο
plextfflnumamcozpieafflmttaf. oesenfuctse21fatocu3indwza
fit impetudtt.a6staton1ced1ne nutriunt nnutsnnpt·r:vrpm=itto.
ceter&sapoubvoctectabstioze‘cp fitezeotalidaaugmc'tarzstrm't
ριεκίοηιιιιιῑηᾶᾱενιείηῐοιέεὲρρ nutrmsstsuqzqssleuseq‘dessatnra¹
naturalinamanepplemom'ssstri mmmmmfalsu3reuntitppt
tudin§.‹12ucfu1't[mabamjiim grauedmizvtinplfitiqfn[21stssoe
fimplicimedtctaoi.1tt.c.1'.oicfft3. υιιῑεέὺντεπίερῑῆωῐζπωπω»’
Rcssnultaesunticalidt'tate fua &rvolutrminc.1‘n.ii.can0.c.iij.012
ppinfi comtbmpfi ᾇ summates cffiwmpoffibileest dn in οῖ nu: ,
ἰῑῡί.ῐίί1,ε.ῐι“.ειιιῖάέαιωῐε τω mereammedicosssttoulcedoa
pylcgffcalidaetlpfitda ‘emnem lifizlwutrimffrstalijss idy'sseat ὠ
tpaepuenieznaturecozptenaa ἀπίδω·ῡῑετῂὲιεῡιιῑαᾱιηεηιτε.
nizqfficozp⁹t2suanst evitanda ct wpocfftvitemrzassoco§allega
humida ως equalitatessuntfi to bissvbbiwfiqss nutrita} oe
reamuccevaldeoelecrabzlmra shermvelcctabstistnulcisoeroy
232236otttasunrzrfifftqzlpuma ttamrasupbocnpbs'oaddutit
nocozpietsffezct puentetm'une ῆςηῐι ist& in.c.1'1'j.vmucrsaua oie
ῐιιίιὲραπιέτὶτδηοέεῳι’ωῆηρ tanviwssazaetvelectatffiecibo
petita2125.in,eamcjijaeicfftss raoulcu'fieossattrapfitphn'fflxct
v{Dulce126calefacitcalefacti&no initestinissremanctundepam
eiua-nnooelectabstvstcuteoelea prerhocpuassacadcntarr fece&
ttatfoafitffpntecsteffstdff supzss oulccdozsamtudoz'ssomultassob
toz'p⁹.fitaccept't{2ficsnza3252.. bzffcfftcsswutccsscflbifitosatur&-
{natumampucius>vist.1tj.c.1.oi. qzcfimembzanelccsrctzcossfnt vt
oiereeoutcze'caudamerfltfi126 multopwoccieszbnagtmlpsst et
vicitcalidssitatidiicomcbotssvi venae‘zpeanitatessmcbzomto, Δ
ctozia suafluaetppottz'daffid ca ,implegtmzust ,pptcrea mira ἐᾷ
{saepturrenncoaepmfofrigidoz natural&vutciaaffcctammfi τξι, ,
&mumacstcitefflq'tmulcedo peratasintjmobisptnqnifitifa‘plff
noaccidfissnistab.efissratcsscalidis macssnurricnanpecsolutome
tat§.13>ojc‹{5·senstt §ammuh νᾶ ffrstnsulie fcftparpib⁹aliq5,
assubssszttaffissfilizoem⁹oi3onl §sterinuamsststmcffiuuoffitio
ciaffcaudaznffiqzcaloz &uersi niavult}szmtm'gefflozlepifieanjo
ficaftetefimpaucfizmulrstffiqm multiplicatio numerant ιη
ssztoiuerstratess{oulcifflqzqss'ff ῑίίὶίὶάῐῄλθαῑειέρυοηίΐιίευῆείλὶνε
oulei⁹6calidi⁹,fitn6 adueniret sptnguateisszmagnfficafz pfqu
putcisscaliditatenommeracalon caizc.3sa.di3'3 vbt suptaffc att.
tanaros5'6⁴ca;iditassei⁹.'pxima multi( sapozstmcrit pure {sum
,tozpi'b‘dbwpnervulceezsulza olearianatiriaaoanmffiwtfcost

 

