2=...Q„wemodococtioniepanisffl §wig

1coctaremanctzq2 cozrexvcloca'tcr dnnuppterhocapvestexercitant
indurwnonymztticmutumne t1buo.s.foztizlabozioso exerti}
trareaclzufvrtomzimiewuab⁹tae riozmquibussnabssdsstzacalmas
“taustffest[ltaudadvvezqzcmrep existitcausafoztarudmm&gestio ·
cstour‘wztdcnssnnta·15muterz'o÷ ntaqtsetz‘fwoluitssnccpetw
ravtfernmeincesusszvrngroffa nonflagaegccdpzvij&wizwile
estwt'scosanu'cazoeitavtriicssmdt mmaqnonecoquffbaestpmrta
gestnu‘mm'uersozzmalou{213022 ttqnutrin2iti:·zss1³2sstiterpan3baa
gfiatmfz ι υιιηιέεῦειῇ cotticissct ὕεςΐεῖιηέιιεῖςεθηηηιιηὲεὐοφρί
inte-'riosuisucctssnniz[anguium lqtzm'ffistoadplurssuisatcxerctr,
fitzcfisttpatvetrwismfitass>boet tzzvztsubditaeepanzvepatcuacst
grofficieomicc12f102csscrudoez ῐῑιιῐθςῆίῡιείῦηέοὖ 2ss iteriozraro
phlegmata&facisstzoesomffies, oecoqubeneaetpptrmeffunde
ventrissaffluufit‘zaffliscnfitba dumestquiettssweuffltffi*tquo
habanin.v.t}2cod.2c.¹w.cstindt. rssamvzrfflocficxt[tcutusembuezet ·
zaudabxliozoibwanisscstcuinss exemtudmercsarssettfflzvania
farinaopumcpzstatacftzinquo p294icmae.s.n6bf1cqct⁹cfiuem'at
salte oppomma monci? quarta npmmoesedtffiuteqcoctu& esta
ntasszbcnnffifcrmfftatusscst:etin tepcrgtofotodtotssfozp⁹panis
camtnocoqmrurmanfuctt [guig cquauterperfozatzvnperfectegct
tenmatizetnc'nnimiumcaudtquo scssfflopogteaecoqustzptmssa:
extermapanievzatffnterioubuo vbis· &niz-utem ayma& fuerit
indigemcrudiscssremanssnbmc. 'et1}5·s9ff1ctfftcrcqctusszafflictis
fitstsitssasntazpzzonemimem antestetsfflcstfusstcffdusfftcutet
cdoasscssatomiccntiss.<Ommapaz qustfibitfflsssttwssrtawinipste
numpbigestffiesumdmasciefer vureplsscrstthrdeffissst0¹¹³ssj<¹20 ’
mentativzqutaffacwncm babae vesceditzzuwetreooxozemefficit
-ratacfimcfsuratoigncinclt'hano ·11¹12pateoppssatffie3ataeireni
qffiampliozffdeissnie1:101,th buelapidemcreatmtvtxitmlia
applicationeexterioae supfi'ci‘cm bag111.v.tnc02{(§3c,pv.sstssassss ‚5
adar&obstracbssatzwcciditsea mdtt'ffilmsssssoaedtlsszinsi Juowm
efidaambopzanfifteripanetcru apnoztsmotumcstmt.fflu{paute3
dnm‹iddfizimssfectt'tint‘fbfztem ammacssedttzgroffaeegritudzess
‘ccffiicergotempatoccsufficicnti et 1112ssth lpssbitzvqffi panta 2313
catozeclibam'vetfurmmntscoq' mueestssroffuactvtfcosusszteste
u32zn6ncbssivelrcmissozqffwt aucttmolugeaqssconfirmauit
*Jfaacinq'gvbi.§. webiutaefoci 3saact¹pztaoocniavsscffss‚nzim⁹
etoefccriocsuipcnetrarct'ntcrio va123nunissnutrit‘cmutiffimevi „
rapam&pisst‘cscztsvfmiutffm im §ertfzgzpzictatsslssoppila-tion&
mozmzfi «τῇ ari& coctusssatejrz vfftosttatfigfuandissdcircooibuff
trazerwestviscostmevitetfoztiz naturtssincfiuenifisst'nistmrociz
vigea:cterctssfittbvaestneceffarivz dznaxssmgtab.03{b⁹exercefesssunt·
4{svsqnequococafvimiserizxst'cz vtmeffmzaenmfiifiaf.(bidem κ
tusswufflcnftnigesti& oestiptic‘ae ῖειιῆῐῖενπίεέιῖιιἠριίοἰκειιέιηέν.»Ι
-ssnpcrss95tnffit3tqpanissn6bene ttae-sep&adductooioeafflsszel'ae
‹octffvifcosstaticreatzgromae: tiss'dd&idone⁹pani92&:c{neffivcrh.
vstvurioz‘ctardioz ad vigerem ᾰευεηεὲῗῑῑξᾶἓεφ formatam ¹25 Ι -

ou cotom* ff

 

