&mmmmm&adsummumbw= Ὺ

imitnnmrfigoepltcraeftgvmcisset effa subiunxit&,cumwrozrcfumt Ἴ
pzouocarvzmavzwukccdoszsomemnona?1ps02stumattozco2st

.est1flatumc,tc1tatcoatstssd‘153 025er eraetmffictuwnutrtunt ³
scnstfflsaacinparncular'tbussvte plurimonutruncntosstrctentia
tiodcflai-tffliccrcstmulti nummi ssenerntpmrimfi superfiut'tate'st·
tiz'vfftremnumentatzvzmfi monet' cut nannum? ‘oefabie :wint 1„
mfistruaagnocatzvfftofttafflcreat labzolclzunozumzicetcicera nm ξ
‘cmamone:idcircoysplcrmaausset·mplttnutn'nsstnnfiutfilaudabilc3 ’
εοίῑῠίβρῗοιῑ-ἢῖ.(ῑκετῆῖιωῑῦιιηι §stant (Dimut‘t 110 summimus , 5
calidaffipziozvbmuidstlmedio tnflgquonffl{abafflostcrastttem ·
pptereanutrtmira ewmmwcst mmeucmntta,c.11{j.sicsc125& =
&abaramtithonfizsedadoisse cem nurrttltsasu11t:non theutini
re‘dfiourstvetoiitatc'-zm‘mtzonff twttqttnssatzuayero 116 πιέειν fab&
fatiffssintfitssvtcamffifietwssa excttantadcottftzctft1nul cmg ,
tctzzidfffatsset q15 acctstil't'cco lu spermasscncratflmmnodum
tozautfermfitstmpafm&111ch uantcoxcta.c.vu.5=cffltnceim
eovtunfputcmecntisshunam&munaum-{1cstgjcotdzssscstzbilesoe
latataeffl‘cextc‘smro lucescztz supffiucssctbartu:audiminatmnae
clarificaf.3tcn1cottstadiuuatn13 asztfzptumzc.“ssau·3cn?ssocos1r;
neenabctcattsszssadcoitst acme pemmasscssatolszcquooe'scripstt z
tessscilicetcalozssnutrtffussmaina antoufate Ruffi. <legera {atam ³
flationesstmsnm'mt. &ceruix ventre ‚puocant mma etnutriflt
graalboeffcalidmmw humi m1tlts1.]30strcmo autozitate fiuj ἒ
dstwotereaamaritudo ez‘wula mclsncstcetifitn615fff¹sscem sunt
ccdmemanffestt'ozestzffi walbu cauda-isc&‘chutumactrcame,
aperitopptlatffi·cmc.ssafte crisi dzctatcpnufansttmultn exigere
intertio.'›2·l'a=113so.c.[i.,sitvecites addvqtadspermapltocmutvtinfi
rib⁹inquit.<z·1'cercalidflestdnflat ctmestruazmmfm:nutrtsstpul
‘miniiacmistruatpuocat'mua monepzeoibussaluercbuzzzcfi
getsnmwirfdepzetereavcicerin pulmo& viceratussz ctbibeatur
stomachozintestinissmultassssea rartnacucerfigs}lactevccocra τι,
neratsuperfinitateezfabeffiwe (Issabaelttumstcndit natura
cersmffenfminou‘efuntvcnton· fabssrss‘wozepqrtffitofacinnt
tatfflnquartoss[Lsuompboa adsanztatctatinv1acibj.

firmoanititssipstwccrabotta . §nozafifimquosdffi
faciatvzinssabonacalmem&‘¹ uicimrmcltcazfimve ,
mestcacam&comedanfzcsni , ’ζ rqalzoecstspecicemi
uamomo&plurimsufitinlim λῳ luvtautozmdmam
‚efitinitissaeaectliiaeititautozitatc Ι ,ἀεςτειτῖιενίςςηηηςω
βῆνάηῑίὶκρητοεὼοῃ,έη.ε.κνῦ.ῑς ρπιιῑυηιηεεῑηῑιᾳιιίαυςωΐετίρτᾱ
ἰυῖεωῃίτυὶΐιηᾱεητιοωιιετίεῂῑι reperimnssmstassastmnbaeo rcr
trimentstc'ffcerfiestmeuuss numa tiofflmansozie.c.fi.infinestcvia
mitofabammzz'eiu'ssinflatio'116 ‘cente.1oozastcca estquevwara
aest'mino‘zinflationefabarfitaeacb nurrttzoeventrcm strinssmidss
ildautadfpermazzetct'tant cotto autffoiccretzquonto'dovcntrcm
Ὶτ’ῑὲι,ᾗιπενῐὶοιῇητιειῑὶν·,Γεεῑῑ’·οιι,ι”ϋιιεςε ῆνᾷιιςέεεῆΐοῑιιῖίμεῑοιιιηοείρΐ3,ηῑ
*zima'ctaer'cwtfptuecss[amposta effetataenturzp‘zo qutbnafactt

 

