w-

κι,

venaturafapomncetofi, w*- fo wip

v ⁵ ’ stilecmbilt'rassreficffitiss bes 1¹11& fim praenudinffappzobs
s‘f' ''ssoeffinstdtsapozeviceatxizantiqufi.12cctpc.<1162'tsc=1sst ,

» ffe‘tsuparemufi ἀι micam.[wemmam 093
,- ᾱέῡεῑειῑειείοηᾶ autea tesctreqznutrtffssmewestqfime
” ressmedtczenss medio ιθῐερίῑιῃρῐεγωῳῆοιηωιηὴῄφ
trftcrmassnifaccrezzibn‘mssbwr tussnutrm'uavcncmsstcr {ossava
wsecutmcvc'tqsapqstfapoaoe plicantcabbeftgerintffiezoemcrtt
termiauonwiceduoehoc-tlofo osspncipalianuebzainfuieepea
³ nbituossrueenstiautfflvfftta emi rioth* sana.ssecm1t1⁹t3sensttauer.
cibssvt'mlnbewelcctatnozqvfacc tnparte.ii.t{ti,c6111i.tvij.vicie.
repoffitvtmmvbfit' plcraqs ma: {ouonctbattozssilledmaenozzest
§iebfioeafiferantwtcomssttsuga muamemtmassmtfivclecrabzue
ηιρροεάοϋιῡνῖὶοωβὴοΜυῖα. meltozcstmmwelectabssizstat
oi.1>araveteriozctb⁹monete maiozzinuamftt'aimsui collic- ,
ctabiltozztncliozib⁹ddffzmelecta get&thoctdffvoluittst‘aitqaqn
bilibunest magifliappetencjss‘fin c1b⁹cstmultaoeleetabsstsszlcflo ἰὶῗ
cmvpmfftovt'titmwissmn <1b⁹ uenatabeonfiestmulrsz manifest
sawQ-dssoeteetafzcfiacctptta ἔξωίοῑῑιῑείῖῑεηιειτς,ετήιηῆη
stomatbvssmvlssJQGtmssf‘ttum mtesapouta‘c velectabiua cib&
mammelffltflsso?vtsstrlfvlttsss mpucnzrcvidentvicet saneim-⁶ =

dt1b3alt⁹dstfuer1rgwpmiabssw vnzmsflubovgmffi {bi ‘²2
fugntdevomttvfastxdzsmzflano Patsfflmlziuuanfflmt'smttmaxie
gnafAEdvfasfflqstffpssaffl ssapoaeitismtzfactuozeseffisum ,
9ῑῑῐῑῑΐέ·ί·ί·ῑΐῑὈῑίῒῑῑᾯῑυὲῦφῆω admsscrffdfiwtiumuanitate·
po11erctinq‘t.<nuarefcprcpebee mstodissdasamssae{firmcssreddss
qrcffieritpenessmazozeparti damsapozitoeffoohabnozretnz
noimmlanwdmequenezvnu tura,uf1w3fflgeffibstcgffit‚fm,
ifiounclettffabss}adegrit'melioz stomachonocetceacaetmitez
qffivbifuerttoelettano:tbifcat mdnsstoaocibaffatnatmsm
bfiitaaoissestississasubissssimixi vftqutatfimfflsgfapoziom ssst
m⁹e1hsifueritmalamotdicez φῇ stomachovtiliozazzadoigeridss
resoelccrabss}nfuentmvln'ma velociozanfisapozitajco ἠπίως
malitiazn6otben1⁹eavt1tficfrea adhueteo.c.6t.ssiouocz'barizcl} .
‘1¹¹5‘er ΟΒ &mm ffiffzimo lm fintisanitatecustodiffdaafflr
nfuerttmautiaeivmoditazwea mtereddfdastomacbo mettani
*lectartocssn'icastrabssdfitiozma liozassstwtilt'oza.fitdb⁹sat3cli
siec'fziuafinfivabuermpsma §erevoffuwwcubfebffimele
Ιιτὲἐιτῆῆευςεᾶρᾱιῑίοῖωιρεῐςι ιτεῢίῑίΜῆτντςηᾶῆ ῑρςκηιῑᾱῂο ⁴
no.fit.1.stcctffisnbdtr.muepfue tac}iuttlezenocmmtemmanf.
*turvtn'n'alifi nutrimfftoillfierit fica.lvij.ofiditoerencietaeacss
tt'ssmszpuem'ffetwssfucm lau §zumebefztaltermttstfufflt
dabssemodiceasttrestpdin‘ot& alicu?excellitissfiliratisszvfc&=

vonsumptt'onfizcivnelectattoeffi vlemonffumin'svtscrasfateff -
151⁹nngr11n3t11130c &finitatem 2³⁶¹]2112mc6p12mztfi gnam, 1- ,
ιηεικεπιειεᾳηιαυατουεπαὺίιὲ9ἠιε ’,ᾑὲ ttomnostr‘eneaboznm
ritttutrzntfftfiztfitomssgvcbemg qualitateznicedfi estne
1102erttotssefflo‘spemquarefeqvg‘1vttutatetepamierefimss ’ ¹

 

