wwmm·¹³³¹³d³¹³f¹2m·sm2soma:

qufstitaefermssti τ saum οε· mo tpsofflm ipse·915ue·.3n‹ust³2

deratazqffipanffd 'fenum sllpffl cfimcnropadubanffst'ss nosterfi'c
flustsauscssbabmt pannutrt'r et attfcausahuwcstzqualinsutta
nsstfifmtanvtrwcffisaltebiudta ltdfftareoestccitsstclssbestctaress
tace*etvexstccamermaetst{mum Laqmbvaamtsaef:etmeovauez
nommepfflsficatgvt mdtg'saac sqlt'ttsgluauftzlputrcdinffi.29ffll
vbfsuwwmffif 13stme quan cofunufresolutioecaudieetnefic
tmsauffifcrmetiipane: s5116 catnunndfiaqueaqssetatnam
stmfiuaot'cite Rastia terttolzsss putrescpreacglido.fitpostturta·
mamma. 'panim' extrsnco vtptoempgmbmsssalitz'ssbumk
fitmeuozrcddtf qussdo multum duaqucsscqseruafinewintrim
salte125etn1ults1smmfftizetqui3 vtratqtcstnofltsatmouffsszexst'c
mmmfermentantetitiuengen canss1g{6z1·eddpterss.oeozssrauio¹
tnrzmasstotenuwaesubttuozina fssffl'cwffllstvlstfflssss 92³1& ”0¹⁸²
ιιεηίῐιιι·ιῆἣιίεεῐὶᾶῇεϊᾱωρεῃτίει ὑὶῑῑῦῑξῑεφῢὲίθαῑῑῖῑῒῆῑῆἳίίὲΐθῒθΐ
inmeregmaesamtattssmaecm. vodcrtc-ost‘gnztoablideadequ&
nesalestammultasaumfermffti scrupetozfatecafarmapanmat
babeattzcoctuesttvssissentertet ‘sz cstolssovfsslfiss bmffitqffi 1³2³ ’
mmmmoeaume‘tmefcrmeu macipastalrffcaoleoffmawzqz
tmst'cetifiot'xitmpnmwapissaa tgevetocttfim‘cfiburtfolestztm
fansstateboicstncoffinuepttneq3 51oeadsnlphnrefl.tefflb⁹2zuenoi‘
mboffirffiplurimfiqiffldcfemse'a um.colligenetmuabatcinm. ⁴
nunbfiflzetpmnmmsalmati ffl2e9ss·<·w·bgti,ssff“atmffmfi
mstwffstooelabofflnffluffluffg rcqmsttumpdpangsscssfectionss:
aatqnereretadcidpom'fferm& ynngredoetiaffimctwnonalia
mmmvanenzespssattnumoie msuffaenriponerentqufimate.
umcollt'ssct nicene. mopterea fficfiwsltfssquffitfiestvfpssssssbfi
poniffcrmennssinpanctadnoc ntwgeivetvomeftupta ῇεευΐῐις
„1faciatspmspssssae'osuywtmeo Quaqua),canoniessepffaddua
vfieturaeritasszoesttfacssieaalma ctovtcentsstmtsffiffciaimaffaiw
gefendn3339meaquomam ssysspssufgntsttqfifflvtpaffln sade
reumleutussestadpmutf'aedstpzo mgestmtltozreddaf:queffteeffi
ptersassbnmiditntc&[tcutsubsta momm'vzoblemsaturm14:220
ttanemestvuraadpmntandum blejwssffludsswptflrunffi-mssa
wiffredi».itquerettadddsat qmdssmssuasstssvtiffifflffl‘ss:021⁵
inpancvom'fzrespondet Eristo. figtturwfftculteroiulfibiu‘zffipa
[mmzmoblematsspblemate.v. ntzauremfatste mamiliam
,nicene,szesicgatsalppterqb quodrespssdenssipseftcaite·f>2'oz
amman}mmutndisautixonsua υΐῖΐῑᾶαῑὶῡᾶῑόῆίὶῐῑῐῐ vellelum? -
mitureffletoessccafbumiduwb &1¹ssvssflflss⁶=⁷3fwff³sffleffl¹³⁶ ² ,
tpso qfiputrefit castdoaetipane qstobscurazlfigagnimiozwvtmitta¹¹N ³
· igiturcsssumffhumiduwsalezet msasszoelocoeinss adducamuzt&
exhalatettra:ppqfivetereepaa mentu31semoe.atbanossewicen-2-
, nezleuiozczssttcalidzfflssidi eti namnantomasizvastawnffdr
stetcztiunfisalt'tissafitbothumi turzetwcfimffafszcossozreddi&
daptufficpiftenefaettzrautozea etcum sufficfissmfvsswfwffssef

 

