Wfflwssuuwnwuu vnttluuttgqou yur-v·
beatszpzeua queaofwoeoe'stci &amitt-franimawestincfictrff
pzebctcimt'ussecfflscstcut{pua pponeupe§ponetteznonozaest
ιιιοἑαὲεῑὶειίῑιτιεῆριῑιιῑωίαῳτιις τΙὶοηοιεώιι[εετιηιεείι-τῐεειιβιῆ
eat.wmgattgtturmemc‘)creato ctaexperien'ss‘taqunatffoewcft
resustztm1eatqffnmuu5famen εῖεῆῳιοἱςνῑῡὲιιιᾙίιηαῑοιιηρτί
tic&timozoiimsttuncreubom} mowedfflutremenuonebeten
habeat&sumamma-ff15:31 nmerez noqozarcficepraoeeiua
tmoffendatzqffivtfiatomo 1th obsgmargznosicutcsspluressnfm ¹
mmanumannuan1n6m1ro1'mt factutqqmstsp [nlecctesijssvtdm
sapietianecnabitabztitozdesub tummudanteolbussvetttussoe
duroputamen&sensttgbakeffl dtfzzssute:auarttte11uxurte cem
mpumooecrettcaemeffl.<apuu ῑιίρρξῑᾱῑιψυοηάἕίᾳηὲυοηῇςιῐ,
ὶο,1ἐρειιιιουεεωῡῆιιιῒεῆίιεῆῳ wracen* mermnuttz'.mf1t13te5
meanemenocftvebmsscttumss reamcdtamiscn'cozdesscffezpa
aiacstpcssunan& addiscctmsw Qmmlcsoeaf msuenpgupfflb,
plmfinutue scoettenedumquod graue menetewttvotmtssassa
antecedatztumcetauqzudcoza mlgbzomoessmcntt'ffi(mono.·
qucossytinffissacercrssosltmssdss 01⁶⁶ssficautozttatetudciwcdia
tussqwtoxxntvtpocraan[imeae cussocbetessept⁹supesstoenn1se
sseAEacrercssenstfitoesacrwboi rqtoztpsozuaescpeucnerentiam ’
bueostendatuwzauissautem: colafumetatoepziuatumscin ῆς· -
quatffpu'usfffperficaturwedta nemettpapttuumq't.&mma
emaautaeenreesacracmnoicat dumoltterenelarefccretamagm
ficclestamcmxvstj*ceptrulfflff &mmmmmtcrfuerttieecum
ttffiw creamtuetcrramedtcmfg tpstsslquerrutmdeturbamassna
aab 1322 estommss medelaAEm co ιιιεςῐιωιᾳιάποῖεαεῇῐιηεῆὰεῑεε
fenttffiasxssmm. mammo wuffifetequooe Coctltatozeno'
rtsmozt'zoicfffl.medicmatotacst str0.3)ovelt5paupercssoppztnne
υειαειίτειςνειιεωῑ)ὶῑιε5»τΙ graue ronccsscssenozfaltss{autumem
veoreddtmvcoqnossfeataptoss ttencsereretaidelaudabiuacfiy
icavtvcncratozcsszcustodttozqe snrgqtfiam.ffzsseniznabssdsster
ipst¹2=zquec<tnoss'tmuncffasctea accepzffleiqmvelia‘graeiepm
tiaevilzfflzcsooctdfffflefucsm} agulotcbomtess‘ipartirmfmsffi
ssffcvtdefcflutdt‚fianatsoffia tettamefuetipmantiwtucoz ’
zuozee oc⁹ <z oe fragtlttanqsqQ pozsaeqzrassertss annuariam&
mutim tarssztatcsuamcdttma semis nzscmelxgeuutinussaide,
benedic&gloztosusszexcclsneta psum-suffra&rattpclama‘tad
tu5tfiamz1uar1nfi vescum cura uudtczu'stanusencozdzam vereris ·
dt nomm& tnufflbwumetpliz stultasmelarssotrsbutzssaudeae‘'
cauit.*affigiturocitimozpzea warussqnessssss ‚tfffiss't‘ssiturne cer
ueni-mpunctptctopatuactfeli ne nabct91n÷1ss22mn vonstoei vt
(trabit ea τῆ ώῆαετειηεῇιεεπιοι Πῆῦωιαρτετ netpsxusslssrssttate
vrodmcircssucntatvtoecunmq ῖηῖιερετιθιιερειγενεεῑοιῂεςέῇε,
νεαοεοῐῖεῆι αεεῑῐιιθεῑοιέοῐιιῡα fimtntaossmcdxctmafericozdessz·
{uditatzsuntzceim‘ amunta elea pu qutetaaad ogtmz‘wtilfss ests
ῃιξῐειῳιείενυίιιηταῐιηοηαῑίιιὰ pzonuffionewaboewcquemn
fflpmstmposteruwucimwe estetfuturemtmqmmmm

 

