{wfflcelcctionecibozumwffl Ἴ

peratiezoeinwperatamamimus pzfiptitrasmutfituncalidoeffioe

vicen.3sa.1'n0j.c.otetwvniuctsa [adagppzopiqusisszi immoderssss ’
falifilfflperarw aplcm'sstbss'xtba nomam&ocftstttzcsstmsepto ’
riatffyerataxetetotnmtaqutate oercssimiesaturafitinffiaffiw
carentiatneceffcestvtnenfffiw'vo alstl'tbusscibm[nuzozbosamsssa ,
υἱῆόρετῑιτηηι ϊιιετίῑωψιιεεέηῐτῖι flamoencmfltzffi.s,a contram& ἕ
ρεὲρενέιίαωηίηηὶ omnib-tum fitjpptcrcaptrarijecstvtffdsuvt ,
eucrasiacozrnxtastwrirfflnudw curatvemcumeiusdeomnwm
raeffiof'tdocalidiozibmrt'ssuiim lvzwbtxivbaxpwannotauimnffl5
rafrissidtozibmfzcctom.stema pramltbmcmssohmoneannua
busszhfiidtozalgmdu'ozz'hffiw imm fficissndszestpptcrffi cptalz'ssqfis}
52.112.ii1.we12.z1.v÷'.r›c1·12551m{e ‚mazzeta'ssffcaditmtcrpplexffiew
samtwbisericaei⁹t2=>u11t1·sonat. ccboealzqsszwddassnquzbosm
zcfim‘tiutatfzfa111fflmtatcfi[1012 pucnrffrcmlu'ssafitptrarimtw
(123custodircvolucrissppleycfficz luitan.in.i1'1.1'.c2snpert⁹allega
humidiflddcmimmecmntcss ss: tomcco„una§c;3.noisscompletio
btpgvuizfttciss&ofi'ctizstvcrosnb cibam εὸῑιοηέέῑὲτῆΐεηιιῑιάᾳηξ
alterarevolueriss contram cona mutfidastvolfitass ei affuerit 1105
ssmizppterboct'gzffl commiste cuzne‘nssetfnctcrctipe3‹1in1{m3, ¹
'perarfivolucrt'tadmeliozfi redu fitsnbdirdgx boibuss ³1²oe cst cu( χ
εϋρρῑεπίοηέξωεεὼίεῖνειυςεαιιί amq&nutriztt'ussbonomlaudabi
tffiacibovistemperarozfssmmet humamanam§rcunfircestei
'1133abenacuatoc0222c receffcrtt. pacni& c1nc6cozdat3sa.in [mie
venocuit530in.iijffiect2ni {mlle tarumymuqvsau‘umxjxaeumait.
gatocszoi.zi.ve1w permutare ᾗίιᾴἑ <113ss abusdssmuem'nw ton
1commumcaudszznfisunradmi ετῆτιιιςεοϋιιῑάἑὶῂοηὸερῡιιΐᾱᾷῆί
τιὲῆτεὶἁεωῑέάετῆεεεῡίεπειΐεᾰᾷ ρέίαιεῑιεᾶῢιιωεῖΐοῑυῑίιιῖι.νῆἙνὶ.
nfieucramcrafi'sunt frigiditate& 0639.pfirmat.ffl21id{czh{nquit
zbfiidiozessffitsmamraew erar carnevaccm} zszt’tassrossaadni
caudiumstc-‘cioafitffiwijnjsp nimamtardnbssvigeramcmfv
j.noc.ii.c.vii.vitcbat(pmelsscbo &pdimmetgalhnagzcarnemt,
ιίθ nutriente indiget vehemem mstiosstfenlaudabihfi mscffiAEc
'‘fferbumecefitezwara calefacien ottsz‘ntmoepmrar limbi suma
tmolbolericussmeooehumectat 01.fitestaltdssl>oirnicut⁹ stoma
ainfrisstdeffliue&demin quo tlpocib⁹cozrumvff snbrx'loezctq'
-satzguizcalidussct bon⁹nnttien ettovzgerisolstvzfoztiss ᾇ tarde
{112⁹indigetffigidim-mucinutri. soietmisscrzssnstpsom'sserffzcr 125:
menti.sstillcin=d sanstatagfiatur squidem cst τιμίω ftomam cst
vblesstnariff2nutriQtib⁹vam-{nu isneusszetfteissest d bute existit
· 0{ruuzentiindigetindwauditae contrarzussqnondsoestfimsuu3
sitetsubtilitass.ffiecuriozenft via vsumefstegcndm· ωδ ηό mim
{petestincomoubuss nistemvers} ,volumen{111.21ma†.c.1'1'13‚cum Ἴ
’ Δ1ιέ,νή,Εωιιεωιήῆεςξιξῆῑπίῆῖιῖηιες aifflummopcreestobstrui-:dm
. ,'uetiamsen.s1ft;fia.1n-.ti.w·mut& vtcssbofistibiconsuetoss&macab
=· Ἱηιὲεηωωτετῑῶωίᾶ,υὲεέβῴωφ, vianettotffessedatquotfess cons
morbac(stidarabariacandiana facuitmistscfisue'tudopzeusafnit
wratek{uueltescfftibffinchober& aqua'omninosradatimpennus

 

